## Cypress cucumber example with typescript.

there will be 2 branches, and both contains a report generated by respective allure packages.:

- `main` (with laset cypress and dependencies, with @mmisty/cypress-allure-adapter v0.11.0)
- `previous-version` (with cypress v.12.14.0 and @shelex/cypress-allure-plugin)

### packages used in this example - thanks to all the contributors:

- [@badeball/cypress-cucumber-preprocessor v18.0.6](https://github.com/badeball/cypress-cucumber-preprocessor/tree/master),
- [@bahmutov/cypress-esbuild-preprocessor v2.2.0](https://github.com/bahmutov/cypress-esbuild-preprocessor)
- [@mmisty/cypress-allure-adapter v0.11.0](https://github.com/mmisty/cypress-allure-adapter)
- [esbuild](https://github.com/evanw/esbuild#readme)

#### to see and reproduce the expected html report, please checkout to the branch named "previous-version".

there, i have used the following packages:

- cypress v.12.14.0 (the last version that was working fin with the allure report by @shelex/cypress-allure-plugin)
- [@shelex/cypress-allure-plugin v.2.40.0](https://github.com/Shelex/cypress-allure-plugin#readme)

### to run the tests:

- `npm run cy:open` - to open the cypress runner
- `npm run cy:run` - to run the tests in headless mode
- `npm run test` - to run all the tests and create the allure report
- `npm run allure:open` - to open the allure report

## Notes:

below are the issues that i have found while using the plugin. Latter of them are `better to have` stuff that was
available in the @shelex plugin :)

- **Suites:** `@parentSuite`, `@suite`, and `@subSuite` tags are not represented in the report atm. Expected: The suites
  section of the report should reflect the information from the respective tags.
- **Tags:** no scenario level and feature level tags are supported atm. expected: feature level tags should be added to
  each scenario, but, scenario level tags should only be added to the respected scenarios
- **Issue and tms labels:** are not reflected in the report atm. Expected: the issue ids are already added to the
  scenarios by `@issue("ABC-12345")` and `@tms("ABC-12345")`tags. the issue and tms links should be shown in the each
  test.
- **Grouping of Given, When, Then, Before and After keywords:** It'll be beneficial for navigating through the test
  steps. As @shelex applied this logic in his plugin; given the strong connection between these keywords and the nature
  of Gherkin, this can be a significant advantage for Gherkin users.
- optionally the api request can be attached to the test report. Again as @shelex did in his
  plugin [here](https://github.com/Shelex/cypress-allure-plugin#attachments), this can be
  controlled by an env variable.

*P.S: all items listed above*

- about report overview page is shown [here](./ss-explained/dashboard.png)
- about report detail view is shown [here](./ss-explained/detail.png)
